All public good looks this week here.
A pleasure to be with my colleagues.
room that can talk a little bit
for you too the idea of experience
Your name is Nicolás and I am the
balance of
Good morning, Brazil. My name is good, I am.
We 'll get out of here later.
have a link and whang if you already are here
studying is esteem and the hero and each one
from a different place in BC has the
four americans are from united states
and in Brazil I'll have the opportunity
of an organization and a university
not great
so we're here for 35 or three
makes him a triple a bathroom and a
common that room where our
fifa official redoubt
This varies from place to place is top
of the victory you can get from 10 to 5 in the
metz means a single by changing the
triple then what I told you before
begin classes have to fill a
explaining what your
interests that you like and do not
like what your habits
he is making mexico where people went
as 13 communities as they can
Being together is really cool with them.
I was very lucky and staying at 4 she is
Being very cool has helped me a lot and
people have many things together
whenever someone is going to eat like that
with lunchroom indicates the other sends the
message also when something goes
need to buy something so she
I wanted to be a community environment
cool
When did I have to smoke or not?
and when I wanted to put the maximum
experience in the past the accommodation
when you're used to living with enough
Guys, I really like that.
happens in this first semester I
up and I was in it the symbol of
40 and the nickel rock edition
in court next week people
It will change that gives 15 43 because both
Time goes up and as I said I
I was very sleepy English team
and speaking in English on the link is
learning Portuguese has a facility
tremendous with the book and getting better and better
the same problem the Brazilian presence and
I also love football and also have
an answer yes yes yes it's the best team
Brazil of the Flemish sure it is
there folks
Cacao is good, bye, Brazil.